buried super-low streams but
now equal
see you later
queers
with the kilo of opportunities
and I'm set but leave the
walls in the eye
now the book of life of my
competitors killing them
close up
two
once you're telling me that the
The only time he has played by loses is
taken
look stratus with me and we do not see so much the
car manufactured flipados buried te
you've been blown yes or no from me
path
who is the one who goes in the car please
to see here comes the complex part
its alive
in a suit for care without pushing the
study
very well with this light that appears inside
mine is now mine I have placed first
here but it has been free is what fault
I have a closure to appear
under me and I threw myself
for you I shit on God
the collapse
it's not worth subtracting
Y
and I go
In this race
I do not know how you see you
But I'll go
and it slows everything is what happened to me and
all the kid has won no but this already
near
that bastard but this sums up now
let's see god
I fell
twenty
thanks to all this
one container
winner
even if they say I'm a bandit where
today
I thank God where I am